README.md, before:

# Flappy Gopher

Flappy Gopher is a clone of the famous Flappy Bird game developed in Go with
bindings for SDL2.

## Recordings

You can learn more about the game and how it was implemented watching the three
episodes dedicated to it.

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/aYkxFbd6luY?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/aYkxFbd6luY/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #6: Flappy Gopher I">
        <p>JustForFunc #6: Flappy Gopher I</p>
    </a>
</div>

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/tX_Fgt0gVbQ?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/tX_Fgt0gVbQ/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #7: Flappy Gopher II - Handling Events">
        <p>JustForFunc #7: Flappy Gopher II - Handling Events</p>
    </a>
</div>

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/jy9XKfYjtwE?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/jy9XKfYjtwE/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #8: Flappy Gopher III - Collision Detection">
        <p>JustForFunc #8: Flappy Gopher III - Collision Detection</p>
    </a>
</div>

## Installation

You need to install first SDL2 and the SDL2 bindings for Go. To do so follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/veandco/go-sdl2).
It is quite easy to install on basically any platform.

After that you should be able to simply run:

    go get github.com/campoy/flappy-gopher

And run the binary generated in `$GOPATH/bin`.

## Images, fonts, and licenses

All the images used in this game are CC0 and obtained from [Clipart](https://openclipart.org/tags/flapping).
You can find atlernative birds in there, so you can mod the game!

The fonts are copied from https://github.com/deano2390/OpenFlappyBird.

This project is licensed under Apache v2 license. Read more in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

### Disclaimer

This is not an official Google product (experimental or otherwise), it is just
code that happens to be owned by Google.

Commit message:

Add dependency to pkg-config and fix some formatting issues

README.md, after:

# Flappy Gopher

Flappy Gopher is a clone of the famous Flappy Bird game developed in Go with
bindings for SDL2.

## Recordings

You can learn more about the game and how it was implemented watching the three
episodes dedicated to it.

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/aYkxFbd6luY?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/aYkxFbd6luY/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #6: Flappy Gopher I">
        <p>JustForFunc #6: Flappy Gopher I</p>
    </a>
</div>

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/tX_Fgt0gVbQ?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/tX_Fgt0gVbQ/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #7: Flappy Gopher II - Handling Events">
        <p>JustForFunc #7: Flappy Gopher II - Handling Events</p>
    </a>
</div>

<div style="text-align:center">
    <a href="https://youtu.be/jy9XKfYjtwE?list=PL64wiCrrxh4Jisi7OcCJIUpguV_f5jGnZ">
        <img src="https://img.youtube.com/vi/jy9XKfYjtwE/0.jpg" alt="JustForFunc #8: Flappy Gopher III - Collision Detection">
        <p>JustForFunc #8: Flappy Gopher III - Collision Detection</p>
    </a>
</div>

## Installation

You need to install first SDL2 and the SDL2 bindings for Go. To do so follow the instructions [here](https://github.com/veandco/go-sdl2).
It is quite easy to install on basically any platform.

You will also need to install [pkg-config](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pkg-config).

After that you should be able to simply run:

    go get github.com/campoy/flappy-gopher

And run the binary generated in `$GOPATH/bin`.

## Images, fonts, and licenses

All the images used in this game are CC0 and obtained from [Clipart](https://openclipart.org/tags/flapping).
You can find atlernative birds in there, so you can mod the game!

The fonts are copied from https://github.com/deano2390/OpenFlappyBird.

This project is licensed under Apache v2 license. Read more in the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file.

### Disclaimer

This is not an official Google product (experimental or otherwise), it is just
code that happens to be owned by Google.
